When My Love Blooms
Anchovy Dashi Noodles
It's a story that begins with my father.
When I was in the military, I received news
that my father had taken his own life.
He betrayed his peers who were like family to him.
Behind his back, they called him an informant of the corporations that were tearing down labor unions.
He was tormented by being called a mole.
He sued the company for unfair labor practices. Episode 11
We stopped that last time.
Yes. The prosecution returned the charges for dissolution of the union
and unjust layoffs back to him.
Thanks to that, not only the dismantled labor unions
but also all the fired workers, in turn, sued him.
As a result, all the lawsuits against the company were revoked,
and he was prosecuted for illegal destruction of labor unions.
Ultimately, that man committed suicide,
but I have confirmed that was Vice President Han Jae Hyeon's father.
It was the world's loneliest funeral.
Nobody came.
It was like my father had been abandoned.
Why did he make that decision?
My mother and I, neither of us knew anything
until we saw all those bills of complaint in his work bag.
Legal Complaint
All the people who didn't come to the funeral were in those bills of complaint.
The labor union broke down because of my father.
They were fired because they trusted in my father.
They were certain my father had gotten money from the company,
so they requested a thorough examination.
The road that my father had traveled down his whole life,
and... the road that I follow him down. I was disillusioned by it.
How could I live on from here? What should I live for?
I decided then.
How could you just find out about that now?
We worried that person's incident would be linked to the company's doing,
so we recorded that he had resigned and gotten rid of his files.
We weren't able to find that information when we were conducting our background checks on Vice President Han Jae Hyeon.
I'm sorry, Sir.
Since when has Jae Hyeon known about this?
Did he approach Seo Kyeong knowing this information?
I don't think that's the case.
According to the information systems department reports, the first time VP Han had looked
at the classified labor documents was five years ago.
But five years ago, a laborer named Kwon Hyeok Soo had committed suicide.
That elder's son?
I saw my father through that person's death.
What started as conviction turned into naivety.
From the disdain and scorn of his colleagues until the result of death.
It was just the same.
I started to look for the truth after that,
and behind both deaths
was Chairman Jang, I learned.
Those days I had lived as a loyal and groveling dog; I couldn't bear them anymore.
That's why I didn't reject going to jail for four years.
You must've hurt a lot, Seonbae, alone for that long time.
While I was in jail, I thought of my father a lot.
The hatred and fury I had held on to from my father's death
was actually a yearning and apologetic heart towards my father.
As time passed, I became even sorrier and longed for him more.
Dad.
Dad! Dad!
Dad!
What is this that's inside, that you can't bring yourself to drink.
It only tastes good.
Seonbae.
Seonbae's father also probably misses you.
Because you take after your father you're very warm and kind.
His son for whom it may have been a losing fight always took the side of the loser.
I feel he'd be very curious
about how you'll live from now on and what you'll live for.
It's convoluted and many things are between us.
Fall 1995
Excuse me, I'm sorry but do you know if this family has maybe moved?
I don't think I've seen them coming out recently
Whether they moved or not I'm not sure.
♫ Please don’t say anything ♫
♫ If it’s about the past ♫
♫ In all our many stories ♫
♫ there are so many misunderstandings ♫
♫ Don’t ask me ♫
♫ If it’s about the past ♫
♫ Whatever the answer it is ♫
♫ I can’t convey my sincerity ♫
♫ Just bury them in your heart ♫
[Olive Tree Inn]
♫ Words you wanted to say ♫
♫ That we called love ♫
♫ Even the scattered memories ♫
♫ We’ll see each other again ♫
♫ Give me a hug, then ♫
[Waiting Room]
♫ Though I couldn't bring myself to do it today. ♫
♫ Do that instead of saying your sorry. ♫
Jae Hyeon!
- Hyeong.
- Are you off-duty?
Did Ji Soo perhaps come by here?
Would she?
You said she left intentionally.
Just in case.
She's not at her home nor school.
♫ Spring blossoming in our hearts ♫
♫ My trembling heart waiting for you ♫
Hello, this is Yoon Ji Soo's boyfriend Han Jae Hyeon's beeper.
If you are male, press 1 or 2. If you're female, please just hang up. He's taken.
Additionally, his girlfriend's personality is very brusque.
What are you doing? If you keep doing that I'll really scold you!
Hello, this is Yoon Ji Soo's boyfriend Han Jae Hyeon's beeper.
If you are male, press 1 or 2. If you're female, please just hang up. He's taken.
Additionally, his girlfriend's personality is very brusque.
What're you doing.
Hello, this is Yoon Ji Soo's boyfriend Han Jae Hyeon's beeper.
If you are male, press 1 or 2. If you're female, please just hang up. He's taken.
Additionally, his girlfriend's personality is very brusque.
♫ Our hearts are colored with autumn ♫
Olive Tree Inn
♫ With your smiles that are like a cool breeze ♫
♫ And those facial expressions I'm first seeing ♫
1997 July
Why did you happen to be discharged on such a friggin hot day, you f*cker?
Stop
I told you not to come. Why'd you come you f*cker.
Cuz I pity you, you jerk
First stop. Restricted Access.
You don't have a father. Your girlfriend also isn't here.
What about Ji soo. Did you try looking for her a bit?
Thanks to you, I've become really close with the music school kids.
They seemed to have grown up with a want for nothing that they have no grudges or pointy personalities.
You were only busy getting the beeper numbers off the music school kids, so you didn't even look for her?
You keep saying beeper-like nonsense.
Hey, the day after tomorrow I'm someone who'll be getting their phone issued.
- A home telephone?
- Handphone. A handphone.
You just take it like this here. "It's strong against the Korean topography. Any--"
(Samsung Anycall telecom's motto in the 90s was "It's strong against Korean topography. Anycall")
Stop throwing your antics and let's go.
Hey, you get yourself one too, now that you're discharged.
I need to save up.
You need to have money to save.
I'm going to earn some.
Doing what?
Anything.
What about the judicial institute entrance exam? You're not going to take it?
I don't have time. I need to graduate fast and earn money quickly.
Mom also has become weaker in health, so it's difficult for her to run her business,
especially now, given whether it be father's friends or colleagues, no one's around.
What're you going to do with the money you've earned?
I have to pay back what I'm indebted for.
You even have debt? To whom?
- My father.
- Father?
So... your father had lent you tuition?
Wow. Your dad's totally doing it American style.
What my father had received as wages, he gave it all to me.
So you just kept it?
I couldn't use it.
So I wanted to pay it back.
About a million times more with interest.
Do you miss your father a lot?
I'm not sure.
What do you mean you don't know?
I don't remember well.
When I went home, off-duty, the last I saw him was in front of our home.
Maybe it's because it was dark outside
I can't remember.
What's with this?
Who lived life as hardworking as you?
♫ Perhaps, someday we will remember ♫
♫ The promises we kept hidden within our memories ♫
♫ Steeped in love, everything has passed by ♫
♫ Without much to see, faded away into unmemorable years ♫
♫ But appearing suddenly, the longing that is you ♫
♫  If we can return to that time, then I would tell you ♫
To Ji Soo who is somewhere,
I am going to become a different person.
So when we do meet sometime in the future,
even if I have changed a lot please do recognize me.
♫ You are no longer a memory, but my every day ♫
Would that be enough? He's going to be completely unrestrained in his attack.
According to what the legal team has reviewed, there isn't anything that would pose a problem for us.
Rather, VP Han's side would be even more strained by the prosecution.
Did he not know that?
What's his motive.
Since there hasn't been anything that's come up from the dust, we're still looking into it.
- But...
- But what?
The ledger books that we had prepared in advance of the search warrant
were easily accepted by the prosecution.
The fact that they took a ten-year log of the electronic payments and notes from the shareholder meetings
bothers me. It's the same for the subsidiaries.
Then you should've touched things up way in advance.
To have all the subsidiary paperwork to be uniform is just way too much.
Why is it that you have so many excuses nowadays?
Though they say there's no grave without any circumstance (every situation has its just reasons), you're always like this.
Vice President, the President is asking you to come up.
I heard you had a lot of work yesterday. You came to work early today.
Yes, you came early too, Chairman.
Well, I'm someone who always wishes for the sun to rise faster every single morning.
The fun of working is the fun of living.
Why? Do you want me to hurry and say what I want to say?
Of course, our relationship isn't one where we say good morning and make small talk.
How far are you trying to take this?
Or do you suppose that there's no point asking a question we both know the answer to?
Do you want to be the chairman of Hyeong Seong Group?
I guess since you've been going in and out of the prosecutor's office your exercising your right to remain silent has become ingrained.
Okay then, let's talk about the most recent things.
The prosecutor that has become quite close to you recently,
having him go through Seo Gyeong and me with a search warrant
That's because of the Hyeong Seong Group's slush funds and dividends, right?
It's not Hyeong Seong Group's but your slush funds and dividends, Chairman.
That is your bare face. I love these kinds of conversations.
Your words have a newly soiled rotting stench to them.
You know about the special exception for relatives?
Those dividends from your borrowed name accounts and slush funds,
even if they went to not you, but me or Seo Kyeong,
it states that no responsibility will be accounted for in the court of law.
That stealing amongst relatives is not stealing. You know it's something like that.
Those for whom the special exception for relatives applies are blood relations,
and blood relations are as is in the word, those who share blood.
Unfortunately, you are not my blood relative.
Just like you've always emphasized, our blood-ties are different.
It seems like you're trying to take me down without affecting Seo Kyung.
But there isn't any money that I received with my own name. It was all received under Seo Kyeong's name.
No matter how you tell the police that the money is mine, I'm going to say that it belongs to Seo Kyeong.
You know how much I don't want to go to prison.
Even if I have to give up my own daughter, I won't go.
Yes.
I know there's no way you would go, Chairman.
It's the same for you too.
Your wife is the mother of your child.
Would it do for you to make her eat rice and beans (a euphemism for prison)?
On top of that, the money that Seo Kyeong has
is also your kid, Joon Seo's money.
I'll handle this accordingly.
Since we're on the topic of Joon Seo,
they say Yoon Ji Soo's son committed violence against Joon Seo.
What should we do about this? It even got to my ear.
What do you want to say?
You already know the answer.
Don't ask useless questions.
Jae Hyeon, give me some time today.
I have also have that darned "something I must say."
Let's meet there tonight.
The place where we started.
So, who is it that you lost!
I told you everything, why won't you tell me? It's unfair.
I know exactly what you lost.
- Do you remember?
- Your sanity.
Is that funny?
I really like you.
Let's date.
Oh my.
I can't ride this.
I can ride the scariest rollercoaster here with both eyes open and both hands in the air.
But, I can't ride this one.
Why?
My mom left me here.
I was just a seven-year-old girl.
My spitefulness resembles my mother.
You have to face it to break it.
What?
Your trauma.
Do you really think I don't ride this because I'm truly scared?
I'm not riding it because it's childish. I'm not a kid.
The person who you saw when you were sitting there
I'm saying that I won't let that person be your mom, Seo Gyeong.
If you were going to be like this, why didn't you just disappear back then?
What's up with this. Am I getting thrown away again?
Let's go back to that time.
I will throw away Se Hwi. I won't run a temper and I'll only look at you.
It's not that I can't do that.
I just didn't.
It was a bit boring and
I felt I needed to give you some kind of irritation,
so I looked around for something fun and new.
Now I don't like that either. It's not fun.
I'm sorry, Seo Kyeong.
It's like we're trying to glue together a broken window.
I'm sorry too,
but I won't end this.
A broken window? Why can't we glue it back together?
Since I broke it, I'll put it back together.
I can put it back together without any flaws.
What are you doing, Teacher Yoon?
Director.
I'll find a way,
so will you wait a bit?
I thought it would be a shame to lose you, Byeol, so I was a bit thoughtless.
What's being thoughtless?
It means that your heart got ahead of yourself, so you fell as you dashed forward?
Are you supposed to follow your heart slowly?
Yeah. The heart should go slowly,
but once the heart starts leaping forward, it's hard to stop.
I think I'm doing that too.
Being thoughtless.
I bragged to Yoo Bin about you teaching me how to play the piano.
That's also not your fault, but mine.
You wanting to brag about it is something that's natural. Trying to teach you secretly was what was wrong.
Then what do we do?
I have to hurry up and open a piano academy.
Rental Inquiry
Don't catch anyone else's eye and stay well hidden
because I'm going to be back with money.
Hello Yoo Bin's mother
Hello, teach--
Yoo Bin's mother had found out that Teacher Yoon didn't graduate college.
You know that Yoo Bin and Byeol are in the same class right?
Giving free lessons to Byeol ultimately set you back.
Ocean Music School
Seonbae Jae Hyeon
So, do you not have any work?
No, I have a lot of private lessons.
Would that do it?
Do what?
Make you able to eat?
I have to make it so.
It does. I don't have any need to spend money.
So even if I quit this academy, there's no problem.
This isn't a company card, but my personal one.
The company can't track it and there's no limit.
Am I being tested?
Like how... "still will you refuse?"
It's because I want to do something for you.
I couldn't think of anything to amend the missing 25 years other than money. So I felt tormented, too.
I didn't know I was so lacking in imagination.
Then increase your imagination. Whether you get lessons on it or go to an academy.
Still the same, I see.
Is it Hye Jeong?
I didn't order.
You're not Yoon Ji Soo?
I am.
Whoa. What is all this?
Did they say there's going to be a war tomorrow?
Is it a home or a supermarket?
Would you like to take some?
What is up with this really? There's really no reason for you to buy things up like this.
You're such a miser buying up only bagged rice.
(bagged rice is quartered leftover rice in muslin bags from the standard 20 kg rice size.)
Did you perhaps get registered somewhere as a "less fortunate neighbor"?
Is this all from the civic group, "Warm hands from a warm heart"?
It's Seonbae Jae Hyeon.
You, really insist on truly...
Come and sit for a bit. I'll fix up something yummy.
It's fine. How can I eat here being all conflicted?
Let's eat out.
Shall we?
I thought you had quit drinking because you had long stopped coming here.
I couldn't come because living was so laborious.
I won't take your money, so just come.
Do you make alcohol from tap water or something?
You buy alcohol and other ingredients. That's all probably off credit.
How can I bear to drink for free?
Anyway, I'm so scared of credit card debt.
I wish the 25th didn't exist
(Most credit card company payment deadlines in Korea are on  the 25th though you can set it)
Wish it were just like this. Twenty-three, 24, 26.
Then that means that you wouldn't even be able to get your wages.
Then I guess I should change the date of payment!
So, why aren't you drinking?
Just because.
What are we going to do about this awkward mood. Did you two fight?
What do you mean fight? Do you fight with your finger?
A finger?
A pained finger (a sore spot)?
Still, you should be careful. It could turn out to be the middle finger.
Then...
Don't do things like that.
Take your hands off because you're so bloody adorable!
That's why that man can't bear to let you go.
♫ On a day when I was sad for no reason, I stood still in that windy street ♫
♫ staring at his back ♫
♫ The fading background behind those warm shoulders ♫
♫ They shine brilliantly with definition ♫
♫ You were so far away, yet your smile was so warm ♫
♫ I can almost see it from here ♫
I was thankful, Yeong Woo.
Sorry, too.
♫  While I was doing that, I woke up  ♫
♫ Perhaps there was too much longing ♫
♫ In my dreams, I can't see that face ♫
- Hello?
- Hello, this is the care facility.
Why yes. Hello.
If you perhaps have some time, I wondered if you could stop by.
What is the matter?
The Prosecutor General is looking for you.
Did something happen again?
Oh, no. He's actually leaning towards being okay since he's sound of mind.
I understand.
Father.
I heard you were looking for me.
Would you like to go catch a breeze?
Do not forgive me.
Even if you were to push me off here right now, that would be okay too.
What do you mean?
Ji Soo has no fault,
so all the fault lies with me.
My hurting finger
should not hurt any longer.
The person who indicted your father for illegal labor union formation,
was me.
1995 May
That summer, that year. The year that my life stopped. That summer
while you had escaped with Ji Soo,
your father had reported Hyeong Seong management for disruption of labor union formation
to the Central Prosecutor's Office.
As soon as I heard the report, I knew it was your father.
At that time, I was feeling extreme rage towards you and Ji Soo.
At that time, your father had appeared before me
and Chairman Jang San.
Chairman Jang had requested I silence the report against Hyeong Seong
but I didn't.
Rather I had indicted your father.
All the crimes and wrongdoings of Hyeong Seong your father had reported
I had flipped to be applied to your father.
Your father despaired.
Chairman Jang was glad.
I was satisfied.
Chairman Jang had promised to avidly support me in my bid for the political theatre,
and as my fury towards you and Ji Soo deepened,
it felt the compensation had increased.
I had spoken of indignation, yet my face was all smiles.
And the end in that summer had come.
I have lost a home to go back to, my family,
my job, and my career.
I didn't know the meaning of
of the scale that Lady Justice holds in front of the court,
and I had forgotten the warning that the sword in her other hand represents.
In an instant that summer of that year,
everything was taken from me.
From that time until now
my watch has stopped.
Now, my physical clock is about to stop.
I am very sorry.
The sins that I have committed towards you are too great and deep.
I pray that you will accept my apology.
Did something happen at the care center? Your countenance looks too dark.
Joon Seo,
do you want to go on a trip with me?
We could go camping, night fishing,
or even hiking.
If we go to Gangneung, there is the sea and a lot of fun activities to do.
Since there are more fun and exciting things to do outside of the world at the palm of your hands,
give it some thought.
Father
You're late. A lot of bros wanted you to go drink because it's your first day on the job, right?
Why are you outside?
And why are you starting to smoke again?
I just can't sleep.
Let's go in.
He wanted you to eat something good before going back on duty.
I think that's why he's still working.
What does Father do for work?
He doesn't say, but
he always comes home with black hands so I don't think the work is something where you sit still.
It seems like he's giving me everything he gets paid.
₩30,000 (appx $30)
How are you these days?
It just is.
I've acted a couple of times, but a lead role hasn't come yet.
Why do you meet me?
Naturally,
because I like you.
You like me or my money?
Why are you like this today?
Did something happen at home?
You don't want me to get a divorce, right?
That way, you can hang around with me for a little bit and then go and play somewhere else.
That's right. I don't want you to get a divorce.
It's because you will have a really hard time.
You still really love him. Your husband.
I'm sorry. I've been practicing things like this these days.
Mom is going to go to do piano lessons. So when Grandpa wakes up,
eat the lunchbox and fruit over there, okay?
What if Grandpa gets upset? He doesn't even recognize me.
Then it'll probably be better.
He usually doesn't get upset with people he doesn't know.
Alright.
Hello.
You need to gain some weight. You're so stick-skinny maybe because you take after your mom.
What grade are you in right now?
I'm a second year in middle school.
Do middle schoolers not like this kind of stuff?
I got this thinking you were in elementary school.
I don't really have anything else to give you.
It's okay. I like it.
Oh really?
Then, take this.
Here. This too.
This one too. And this too.
But, this isn't free okay?
Pardon?
I'm giving these to you so that you unconditionally listen to your mom well and take her side.
Yes.
Your mom went through a lot, so
in order for your mom to be happy,
you need to support her and take her side.
You need to happily live with her
like that for a very long time. Okay?
Are you confident you won't regret it? Quitting school.
Yes.
You aren't going to tell me why you got into a fight?
I'm sorry.
But Yeong Min, in terms of custody, you're in the worst position possible.
If they say that if I sue to will bring you back, there is a 99% chance that your Dad is going to win.
That's why it will be better if you tell me.
Why you fought and why you decided to leave the school.
If any of your reasons are due to finances, I have no choice but to bring you back.
It's nothing like that.
Then? What is the reason?
But, I think living with you would be good too, Dad.
[Aunt]
Yes Aunt.
Your father had difficulty breathing all of a sudden
so he was sent to the emergency room.
His pneumonia has worsened, so it's difficult for him to breathe unassisted.
Intensive Care Unit
Central Supply Room
ICU Access Restricted
Ji Soo. Hye Jeong called me and told me to go ahead first.
But, what happened?
He got pneumonia and it's worsened.
You were surprised that I suddenly called you, right?
Yes. A little bit.
I don't know how long your Mom is going to be in the hospital, so
you should sleep at my place for now
come to the hospital tomorrow when the sun is up.
Yes.
Ah. Also, my husband can seem a little like a wild caveman, but
he isn't a bad man so just eat with him, okay?
After that, you can watch TV and if you really feel like it, you can study too.
But, is Grandpa okay?
Hey. Your Grandpa is strong.
You probably don't know this, but a long time ago, your Grandpa
used to be in the top 3 strongest people in Korea.
He's really skinny though.
I didn't mean like a wrestler, but strength when it comes to catching and throwing in the bad guys.
"Power"
Seonbae Dong Jin
What is it?
Would you like to go to Yeong Woo's bar tonight?
I unexpectedly got some money.
Aigoo Mr. Dad, this isn't the time to be talking about unexpected money or whatnot.
Yeah, Dong Jin.
You're not going to the hospital?
Hospital?
I knew this would happen. Ji Soo wouldn't have said anything.
What do you mean?
Ji Soo's father is in the ICU.
Guardian of Patient Yoon Hyeong Gu?
Are there any other family members?
There isn't anyone else left to come. He does have a young grandson.
I think it would be best for you to share your last farewells.
Shouldn't you not take off the respirator?
He signed off on an order that he wouldn't undergo life support.
I am sorry, Ji Soo.
If you're truly sorry, you need to get up, Dad.
I couldn't even hug you once properly.
No, I'm okay.
During this time, all the bad deeds I've done
all the heavy burdens, I will take them all with me
so that only the good is left with you.
So you must be happy, Ji Soo.
Dad. I am so sorry.
Dad. Dad. Tell Ji Yeong and Mom
that I am sorry, be sure to tell them.
Dad!
Now,
I hope no one leaves.
When My Love Blooms: The Moment When Living Becomes a Flower
The person who your father hated most was me.
I couldn't bring myself to say these things
so I wrote them down in writing.
Who was the District Prosecutor?
Even if the person has passed on, the facts remain.
[Seonbae Jae Hyeon]
Now I hope that no one else leaves.
It's okay.
Now everything is all right.